Remove EWC from docs (#1020)
StackStorm/st2docs: docs/source/authentication.rst

LDAP (Enterprise Edition)
-------------------------
.. note::

>   Prior to StackStorm 3.3, Extreme Networks provided a commercial version of the StackStorm automation platform including a LDAP auth backend.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Prior to StackStorm 3.3, Extreme Networks provided a commercial version(Extreme Workflow Composer) of the StackStorm automation platform including an LDAP auth backend.
```

>   The EWC components have been gifted to the Linux Foundation, but have not yet been integrated into the StackStorm release.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Extreme Workflow Composer was donated to Linux Foundation, but those components are not yet integrated into the StackStorm release. Please visit https://stackstorm.com/2020/05/27/extreme-networks-donates-ewc-to-linux-foundation/ for more details.
```
